rcnn/README.md, before:

# Rcnn

The Pytorch implementation is [facebookresearch/detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2).

## Models

- [x] Faster R-CNN(C4)

- [x] Mask R-CNN(C4)

## Test Environment

- GTX2080Ti / Ubuntu16.04 / cuda10.2 / cudnn8.0.4 / TensorRT7.2.1 / OpenCV4.2
- GTX2080Ti / win10 / cuda10.2 / cudnn8.0.4 / TensorRT7.2.1 / OpenCV4.2 / VS2017 (need to replace function corresponding to the dirent.h and add "--extended-lambda" in CUDA C/C++ -> Command Line -> Other options)

TensorRT7.2 is recomended because Resize layer in 7.0 with kLINEAR mode is a little different with opencv. You can also implement data preprocess out of tensorrt if you want to use TensorRT7.0 or more previous version. 

**The result under fp32 is same to pytorch about 4 decimal places**!

## How to Run

1. generate .wts from pytorch with .pkl or .pth

```
// git clone -b v0.4 https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2.git
// go to facebookresearch/detectron2
python setup.py build develop // more install information see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/INSTALL.md
// download https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137257644/model_final_721ade.pkl
// download https://raw.githubusercontent.com/freedenS/TestImage/main/demo.jpg
// copy tensorrtx/rcnn/gen_wts.py and demo.jpg into facebookresearch/detectron2
// ensure cfg.MODEL.WEIGHTS in gen_wts.py is correct
// go to facebookresearch/detectron2
python gen_wts.py
// a file 'faster.wts' will be generated.
```

2. build tensorrtx/rcnn and run

```
// put faster.wts into tensorrtx/rcnn
// go to tensorrtx/rcnn
// update parameters in rcnn.cpp if your model is trained on custom dataset.The parameters are corresponding to config in detectron2.
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
sudo ./rcnn -s [.wts] [m] // serialize model to plan file, add m for maskrcnn
sudo ./rcnn -d [.engine] [image folder] [m] // deserialize and run inference, the images in [image folder] will be processed. add m for maskrcnn
// For example
sudo ./rcnn -s faster.wts faster.engine
sudo ./rcnn -d faster.engine ../samples
// sudo ./rcnn -s mask.wts mask.engine m
// sudo ./rcnn -d mask.engine ../samples m
```

3. check the images generated, as follows. _demo.jpg and so on.

## Backbone

#### R18, R34, R152

```
// python
1.download pretrained model
  R18: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet18-f37072fd.pth
  R34: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet34-b627a593.pth
  R50: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet50-0676ba61.pth
  R101: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet101-63fe2227.pth
  R152: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet152-394f9c45.pth
2.convert pth to pkl by facebookresearch/detectron2/tools/convert-torchvision-to-d2.py
3.set merge_from_file in gen_wts.py
  ./configs/COCO-Detections/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml for fasterRcnn
  ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml for maskRcnn
4.set cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.DEPTH = 18(34,50,101,152),
      cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.STRIDE_IN_1X1 = False,
      cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.RES2_OUT_CHANNELS = 64, // for R18, R34; 256 for others
      cfg.MODEL.PIXEL_MEAN = [123.675, 116.280, 103.530],
      cfg.MODEL.PIXEL_STD = [58.395, 57.120, 57.375],
      cfg.INPUT.FORMAT = "RGB"
  and then train your own model
5.generate your wts file.
// c++
6.set BACKBONE_RESNETTYPE = R18(R34,R50,R101,R152) in rcnn.cpp line 14
7.modify PIXEL_MEAN and PIXEL_STD in rcnn.cpp
8.set STRIDE_IN_1X1=false in backbone.hpp line 9
9.set other parameters if it's not same with default
10.build your engine, refer to how to run
11.convert your image to RGB before inference
```

#### R50, R101

```
1.download pretrained model
  R50: https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137257644/model_final_721ade.pkl for fasterRcnn
       https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137259246/model_final_9243eb.pkl for maskRcnn
  R101: https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x/138204752/model_final_298dad.pkl for fasterRcnn
        https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x/138363239/model_final_a2914c.pkl for maskRcnn
2.set merge_from_file in gen_wts.py
  R50-faster: ./configs/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml
  R101-faster: ./configs/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x.yaml
  R50-mask: ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml
  R101-mask: ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x.yaml
3.set BACKBONE_RESNETTYPE = R50(R101) rcnn.cpp line 14
4.set STRIDE_IN_1X1=true in backbone.hpp
5.follow how to run
```

## NOTE

- if you meet the error below, just try to make again. The flag has been added in CMakeLists.txt

  ```
  error: __host__ or __device__ annotation on lambda requires --extended-lambda nvcc flag
  ```

- the image preprocess was moved into tensorrt, see DataPreprocess in rcnn.cpp, so the input data is {H, W, C}

- the predicted boxes is corresponding to new image size, so the final boxes need to multiply with the ratio, see calculateRatio in rcnn.cpp

- tensorrt use fixed input size, if the size of your data is different from the engine, you need to adjust your data and the result.

- if you want to use maskrcnn with cuda10.2, please be sure that you have upgraded cuda to the latest patch. see https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/issues/1151 for detail.

- you can build fasterRcnn with maskRcnn weights file.

- do initializing for _pre_nms_topk in RpnNmsPlugin,  _count in BatchedNmsPlugin and _num_classes in MaskRcnnInferencePlugin inside class to prevent error assert, because the configurePlugin function is implemented after clone() and before serialize(). one can also set it through constructor.

## Quantization

1. quantizationType:fp32,fp16,int8. see BuildRcnnModel(rcnn.cpp line 345) for detail.

2. the usage of int8 is same with [tensorrtx/yolov5](../yolov5/README.md).

## Latency

average cost of doInference(in rcnn.cpp) from second time with batch=1 under the ubuntu environment above, input size: 640(w)*480(h)

|               | fp32  | fp16 | int8 |
| ------------- | ----- | ---- | ---- |
| Faster-R50C4  | 138ms | 36ms | 30ms |
| Faster-R101C4 | 146ms | 38ms | 32ms |
| Mask-R50C4    | 153ms | 44ms | 33ms |
| Mask-R101C4   | 168ms | 45ms | 35ms |

## Plugins

decode and nms plugins are modified from [retinanet-examples](https://github.com/NVIDIA/retinanet-examples/tree/master/csrc/plugins)

- RpnDecodePlugin: calculate coordinates of  proposals which is the first n

```
parameters:
  top_n: num of proposals to select
  anchors: coordinates of all anchors
  stride: stride of current feature map
  image_height: iamge height after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  image_width: iamge width after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary

Inputs:
  scores{C,H,W} C is number of anchors, H and W are the size of feature map
  boxes{C,H,W} C is 4*number of anchors, H and W are the size of feature map
Outputs:
  scores{C,1} C is equal to top_n
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to top_n
```

- RpnNmsPlugin: apply nms to proposals

```
parameters:
  nms_thresh: thresh of nms
  post_nms_topk: number of proposals to select
  
Inputs:
  scores{C,1} C is equal to top_n
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to top_n
Outputs:
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to post_nms_topk
```

- RoiAlignPlugin: implement of RoiAlign(align=True). see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/f50ec07cf220982e2c4861c5a9a17c4864ab5bfd/detectron2/layers/roi_align.py#L7 for detail

```
parameters:
  pooler_resolution: output size
  spatial_scale: scale the input boxes by this number
  sampling_ratio: number of inputs samples to take for each output
  num_proposals: number of proposals
  
Inputs:
  boxes{N,4} N is number of boxes
  features{C,H,W} C is channels of feature map, H and W are sizes of feature map
Outputs:
  features{N,C,H,W} N is number of boxes, C is channels of feature map, H and W are equal to pooler_resolution
```

- PredictorDecodePlugin: calculate coordinates of predicted boxes by applying delta to proposals

```
parameters:
  num_boxes: num of proposals
  image_height: iamge height after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  image_width: iamge width after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  bbox_reg_weights: the weights for dx,dy,dw,dh. see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/detectron2/config/defaults.py#L292 for detail

Inputs:
  scores{N,C,1,1} N is euqal to num_boxes, C is the num of classes
  boxes{N,C,1,1} N is euqal to num_boxes, C is the num of classes
  proposals{N,4} N is equal to num_boxes
Outputs:
  scores{N,1} N is equal to num_boxes
  boxes{N,4} N is equal to num_boxes
  classes{N,1} N is equal to num_boxes
```

- BatchedNmsPlugin: apply nms to predicted boxes with different classes. same with https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/detectron2/layers/nms.py#L19

```
parameters:
  nms_thresh: thresh of nms
  detections_per_im: number of detections to return per image

Inputs:
  scores{N,1} N is the number of the boxes
  boxes{N,4} N is the number of the boxes
  classes{N,1} N is the number of the boxes
Outputs:
  scores{N,1} N is equal to detections_per_im
  boxes{N,4} N is equal to detections_per_im
  classes{N,1} N is equal to detections_per_im
```

- MaskRcnnInferencePlugin:  extract the masks for the predicted classes and do sigmoid. same with https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/9c7f8a142216ebc52d3617c11f8fafd75b74e637/detectron2/modeling/roi_heads/mask_head.py#L114

```
parameters:
  detections_per_im: number of detections to return per image
  output_size: same with output size of RoiAlign

Inputs:
  indices{N,1} N is the number of the predicted boxes
  masks{N,C,H,W} N is the number of the predicted boxes
Outputs:
  selected_masks{N,1,H,W} N is the number of the predicted boxes, H and W is equal to output_size
```

Commit message:

Modifications in rcnn.cpp for more applicable outputs of instance segmentation.  (#946)
* Support to output the instance segmentation results on an original input image, rather than on a padded one.

* modifications according to freedenS's suggestions

* modification for padding

* merge preprocessImg and preprocessImg_ and delete all the debug codes.

* bug of reference passing

* make the vars consistent with the previous rcnn.cpp and update the README

Co-authored-by: benkang wang <benkang.wang@uisee.com>

rcnn/README.md, after:

# Rcnn

The Pytorch implementation is [facebookresearch/detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2). Now, outputting instance segmentation results on the original image size is available, which is more convenient for engineering applications.

## Models

- [x] Faster R-CNN(C4)

- [x] Mask R-CNN(C4)

## Test Environment

- GTX2080Ti / Ubuntu16.04 / cuda10.2 / cudnn8.0.4 / TensorRT7.2.1 / OpenCV4.2
- GTX2080Ti / win10 / cuda10.2 / cudnn8.0.4 / TensorRT7.2.1 / OpenCV4.2 / VS2017 (need to replace function corresponding to the dirent.h and add "--extended-lambda" in CUDA C/C++ -> Command Line -> Other options)

TensorRT7.2 is recomended because Resize layer in 7.0 with kLINEAR mode is a little different with opencv. You can also implement data preprocess out of tensorrt if you want to use TensorRT7.0 or more previous version. 

**The result under fp32 is same to pytorch about 4 decimal places**!

## How to Run

1. generate .wts from pytorch with .pkl or .pth

```
// git clone -b v0.4 https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2.git
// go to facebookresearch/detectron2
python setup.py build develop // more install information see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/INSTALL.md
// download https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137257644/model_final_721ade.pkl
// download https://raw.githubusercontent.com/freedenS/TestImage/main/demo.jpg
// copy tensorrtx/rcnn/gen_wts.py and demo.jpg into facebookresearch/detectron2
// ensure cfg.MODEL.WEIGHTS in gen_wts.py is correct
// go to facebookresearch/detectron2
python gen_wts.py
// a file 'faster.wts' will be generated.
```

2. build tensorrtx/rcnn and run

```
// put faster.wts into tensorrtx/rcnn
// go to tensorrtx/rcnn
// update parameters in rcnn.cpp if your model is trained on custom dataset.The parameters are corresponding to config in detectron2.
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
sudo ./rcnn -s [.wts] [m] // serialize model to plan file, add m for maskrcnn
sudo ./rcnn -d [.engine] [image folder] [m] // deserialize and run inference, the images in [image folder] will be processed. add m for maskrcnn
// For example
sudo ./rcnn -s faster.wts faster.engine
sudo ./rcnn -d faster.engine ../samples
// sudo ./rcnn -s mask.wts mask.engine m
// sudo ./rcnn -d mask.engine ../samples m
```

3. check the images generated, as follows. _demo.jpg and so on.

## Backbone

#### R18, R34, R152

```
// python
1.download pretrained model
  R18: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet18-f37072fd.pth
  R34: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet34-b627a593.pth
  R50: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet50-0676ba61.pth
  R101: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet101-63fe2227.pth
  R152: https://download.pytorch.org/models/resnet152-394f9c45.pth
2.convert pth to pkl by facebookresearch/detectron2/tools/convert-torchvision-to-d2.py
3.set merge_from_file in gen_wts.py
  ./configs/COCO-Detections/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml for fasterRcnn
  ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml for maskRcnn
4.set cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.DEPTH = 18(34,50,101,152),
      cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.STRIDE_IN_1X1 = False,
      cfg.MODEL.RESNETS.RES2_OUT_CHANNELS = 64, // for R18, R34; 256 for others
      cfg.MODEL.PIXEL_MEAN = [123.675, 116.280, 103.530],
      cfg.MODEL.PIXEL_STD = [58.395, 57.120, 57.375],
      cfg.INPUT.FORMAT = "RGB"
  and then train your own model
5.generate your wts file.
// c++
6.set BACKBONE_RESNETTYPE = R18(R34,R50,R101,R152) in rcnn.cpp line 14
7.modify PIXEL_MEAN and PIXEL_STD in rcnn.cpp
8.set STRIDE_IN_1X1=false in backbone.hpp line 9
9.set other parameters if it's not same with default
10.build your engine, refer to how to run
11.convert your image to RGB before inference
```

#### R50, R101

```
1.download pretrained model
  R50: https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137257644/model_final_721ade.pkl for fasterRcnn
       https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x/137259246/model_final_9243eb.pkl for maskRcnn
  R101: https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x/138204752/model_final_298dad.pkl for fasterRcnn
        https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/detectron2/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x/138363239/model_final_a2914c.pkl for maskRcnn
2.set merge_from_file in gen_wts.py
  R50-faster: ./configs/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml
  R101-faster: ./configs/COCO-Detection/faster_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x.yaml
  R50-mask: ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_50_C4_1x.yaml
  R101-mask: ./configs/COCO-InstanceSegmentation/mask_rcnn_R_101_C4_3x.yaml
3.set BACKBONE_RESNETTYPE = R50(R101) rcnn.cpp line 14
4.set STRIDE_IN_1X1=true in backbone.hpp
5.follow how to run
```

## NOTE

- if you meet the error below, just try to make again. The flag has been added in CMakeLists.txt

  ```
  error: __host__ or __device__ annotation on lambda requires --extended-lambda nvcc flag
  ```

- the image preprocess of sizing and padding was moved out from tensorrt, see DataPreprocess in rcnn.cpp, so the input data is {H, W, C}
- now, left-right and top-bottom padding preprocessings are optionally available in preprocessImg of common.hpp, and you can set arbitrary sizes of INPUT_H_ and INPUT_W_

- the predicted boxes is corresponding to new image size containing padding, so the final boxes need to subtract padding size and multiply with the ratio, see preprocessImg in common.hpp and calculateSize in rcnn.cpp

- tensorrt use fixed input size, if the size of your data is different from the engine, you need to adjust your data and the result.

- if you want to use maskrcnn with cuda10.2, please be sure that you have upgraded cuda to the latest patch. see https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/issues/1151 for detail.

- you can build fasterRcnn with maskRcnn weights file.

- do initializing for _pre_nms_topk in RpnNmsPlugin,  _count in BatchedNmsPlugin and _num_classes in MaskRcnnInferencePlugin inside class to prevent error assert, because the configurePlugin function is implemented after clone() and before serialize(). one can also set it through constructor.

## Quantization

1. quantizationType:fp32,fp16,int8. see BuildRcnnModel(rcnn.cpp line 345) for detail.

2. the usage of int8 is same with [tensorrtx/yolov5](../yolov5/README.md).

## Latency

average cost of doInference(in rcnn.cpp) from second time with batch=1 under the ubuntu environment above, input size: 640(w)*480(h)

|               | fp32  | fp16 | int8 |
| ------------- | ----- | ---- | ---- |
| Faster-R50C4  | 138ms | 36ms | 30ms |
| Faster-R101C4 | 146ms | 38ms | 32ms |
| Mask-R50C4    | 153ms | 44ms | 33ms |
| Mask-R101C4   | 168ms | 45ms | 35ms |

## Plugins

decode and nms plugins are modified from [retinanet-examples](https://github.com/NVIDIA/retinanet-examples/tree/master/csrc/plugins)

- RpnDecodePlugin: calculate coordinates of  proposals which is the first n

```
parameters:
  top_n: num of proposals to select
  anchors: coordinates of all anchors
  stride: stride of current feature map
  image_height: iamge height after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  image_width: iamge width after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary

Inputs:
  scores{C,H,W} C is number of anchors, H and W are the size of feature map
  boxes{C,H,W} C is 4*number of anchors, H and W are the size of feature map
Outputs:
  scores{C,1} C is equal to top_n
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to top_n
```

- RpnNmsPlugin: apply nms to proposals

```
parameters:
  nms_thresh: thresh of nms
  post_nms_topk: number of proposals to select
  
Inputs:
  scores{C,1} C is equal to top_n
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to top_n
Outputs:
  boxes{C,4} C is equal to post_nms_topk
```

- RoiAlignPlugin: implement of RoiAlign(align=True). see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/f50ec07cf220982e2c4861c5a9a17c4864ab5bfd/detectron2/layers/roi_align.py#L7 for detail

```
parameters:
  pooler_resolution: output size
  spatial_scale: scale the input boxes by this number
  sampling_ratio: number of inputs samples to take for each output
  num_proposals: number of proposals
  
Inputs:
  boxes{N,4} N is number of boxes
  features{C,H,W} C is channels of feature map, H and W are sizes of feature map
Outputs:
  features{N,C,H,W} N is number of boxes, C is channels of feature map, H and W are equal to pooler_resolution
```

- PredictorDecodePlugin: calculate coordinates of predicted boxes by applying delta to proposals

```
parameters:
  num_boxes: num of proposals
  image_height: iamge height after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  image_width: iamge width after DataPreprocess for clipping the box beyond the boundary
  bbox_reg_weights: the weights for dx,dy,dw,dh. see https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/detectron2/config/defaults.py#L292 for detail

Inputs:
  scores{N,C,1,1} N is euqal to num_boxes, C is the num of classes
  boxes{N,C,1,1} N is euqal to num_boxes, C is the num of classes
  proposals{N,4} N is equal to num_boxes
Outputs:
  scores{N,1} N is equal to num_boxes
  boxes{N,4} N is equal to num_boxes
  classes{N,1} N is equal to num_boxes
```

- BatchedNmsPlugin: apply nms to predicted boxes with different classes. same with https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/master/detectron2/layers/nms.py#L19

```
parameters:
  nms_thresh: thresh of nms
  detections_per_im: number of detections to return per image

Inputs:
  scores{N,1} N is the number of the boxes
  boxes{N,4} N is the number of the boxes
  classes{N,1} N is the number of the boxes
Outputs:
  scores{N,1} N is equal to detections_per_im
  boxes{N,4} N is equal to detections_per_im
  classes{N,1} N is equal to detections_per_im
```

- MaskRcnnInferencePlugin:  extract the masks for the predicted classes and do sigmoid. same with https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2/blob/9c7f8a142216ebc52d3617c11f8fafd75b74e637/detectron2/modeling/roi_heads/mask_head.py#L114

```
parameters:
  detections_per_im: number of detections to return per image
  output_size: same with output size of RoiAlign

Inputs:
  indices{N,1} N is the number of the predicted boxes
  masks{N,C,H,W} N is the number of the predicted boxes
Outputs:
  selected_masks{N,1,H,W} N is the number of the predicted boxes, H and W is equal to output_size
```
